Fort Lauderdale Airport did not have the
naked body scanners their radiation
devices but I am now flying from New
York and I believe as I was coming in I
saw the scanners here so time to opt out
from these warrantless searches and
these invasions of our privacy and our
health
so I just want to confirm and see if we
can get a better shot here
I just want to confirm that there are
naked body scanners at this checkpoint
flying in America only in the USA baby
I'm gonna set the angle right
once it defenders you're not gonna peel
stand over here we walk around for
getting a screen because he told me I
could get the phone the screen sir I
want you to finish me okay yes sir
I'm not happier okay yes sir all right
you might think it's a psychic
college-ready that's the process
like it's all that this is the process
for opting out somewhere ideation advice
are you don't use if evaluating Spencer
go to Lowe's you're gonna feel my
figures inside you wasting no time left
to right in the back okay
so how many people have you guys talked
to this okay you feel the back of my
hand okay the front double check and let
me see how many people opt out which is
all top secret okay
I respected your waist being an affront
coming from the brain so Lester time
it's in the front okay
confused effective age is there you're
right here okay yes sir
get stuff in your pocket they take out
my - everything out of your pockets
receipts my boarding pass my license and
a business
that's the barrier
very invasive
they have so many hands they get the
rake your attic all right
yes sir I got it can't touch my stuff
you know have a screening process there
was a metal detector that I could have
gone through but they decided not to let
me
nobody wanted to film it but luckily
they were kind enough to allow me to
film certain parts parts of the
procedure what do you think about the
TSA ladies and gentlemen your thoughts
in the comments below or we're doing a
lot to bring awareness to this I
interviewed somebody on the show the
other day about the TSA and just how
effective or not effective they've been
you guys might be alright good to go
okay
although Federal Reserve notes are
printed out of thin air there's debt
based currency you know but the Federal
Reserve it's a private central bank I
got a degree in economics you did a
degree a political sign really so you
should hear me okay so you know all
about the private central bank you get
to go thank you sir have a great day no
we're good to go well all my questions
were top secret of course who are the
bad guys I'm wondering are we the bad
guys the American public or no you read
the papers I read the papers all the
time
I know who Larry Silverstein you don't
know Larry Silverstein sorry he's the
guy who owned building seven and blew it
up in freefall speed really yeah
you ever see the footage of building 7
slaps yeah there's buildings what it's
ooh fell on top of it yeah but only
little problem is it fell at freefall
speed several hours later
so you actually architects and engineers
for 9/11 truth engineer yeah I'm a part
of architects and engineers for 9/11
truth the group of Engineers and a
consensus no but an appeal to Authority
fallacy is one of the classic logical
fallacies that I study getting my degree
in philosophy from the University of
Florida
no but the architects and engineers
group says a lot about what happened on
that day thank you very much sir
all right so that was a nice exercise of
civil disobedience thank you very much
and we're gonna continue to say if I fly
no to the TSA I think it's well within
our rights we know that the TSA hasn't
done anything to protect us and we know
that it's all a smokescreen for the
false flag attack on September 8th